This is the end of the line
for Compressed Folder!
Compressed Folder
New book - 500 yen
Previous books - 500 yen
Here you go!
Miu...
You're getting a huge reaction!
My instincts were right on.
Where did you find the models
for these two?
Oh, there's a certain hole-in-the-wall...
THE SADISTIC LOVESTRUCK MAID
AND THE WEAKLING BUTLER
To be honest, I wish I could
observe these two every day.
Welcome!
RAINY AND THEN WINDY
Homeroom ran on long!
Sorry, I'm late!
Good morning, Maika-chan!
Morning.
Kaho-san, Mafuyu-san!
You've kind of got the same hairstyle today.
We were told it's "Ponytail Day" today,
so we're serving the customers like this.
Still,
why do we have to participate?
Unity is important.
It looks good on you.
Shut up! Don't touch me!
That's more like a topknot than ponytail.
I like the nape of the neck.
I know!
It works for you two
because you have long hair,
but it's a little hard for me to do.
Why don't you
grow your hair out a bit, Mafuyu-san?
It's fun being able to
arrange hair in various ways!
Like with braids...
or bunheads!
Of course, twintails are good, too!
Next! Next!
Both sides up! Both sides up!
But orthodox style works best for Maika-chan!
Long, straight black hair!
On the other hand,
lack of individuality is a demerit.
Uh... Um...
It's fine!
Maika-chan more than
makes up for it with her aura! I—
She's got plenty of individuality!
Sorry! Sorry!
My hair is so thin!
Because of that, if it's not tied down,
it explodes with static electricity!
I-I had no idea.
But it's all right. We can deal
with a little static electricity—
Medusa...
A black jellyfish...
A static electricity hug...
A scrub brush sea urchin...
Crackling intimacy...
Some past trauma has been unleashed!
Maika-chan, come back!
Sorry, Maika-chan.
Let's do a ponytail!
I'm sorry.
I spoiled the fun mood.
Okay! There you go!
Thank you.
Don't worry about it, Maika-chan!
If you're stressed about static electricity—
I'm going to be serving customers,
so I can't be like this!
Smile! Smile!
I have to flip the switch!
Maika-san, your hair is touching me.
S-Sorry!
Th-That's our Maika-san!
She really knows how to work a whip!
I-It's not a whip! It's my hair! Sorry!
If you're stressed about static electricity,
how about trying a treatment
from another country that I use?
Really?
I happen to have an extra bottle,
so you can have it.
Thank you!
Not at all! So I'll see you later!
Right!
Don't forget!
I'll give it to you on your break!
Not bad.
What's that?
A SPECIAL DAY TODAY!
Come in and
see for yourself!!
Welcome!
Maika-chan, you've got a ponytail today!
It's Ponytail Day!
For real?
I like it!
W-Wow!
The customers are so pleased,
just because of my hairstyle!
It feels like I'm really
part of the hospitality industry!
But...
for black hair,
I really like long and straight best!
I know what you mean.
Wha...
The different hairstyle today
gives you a nice, fresh vibe!
But to be honest, I like Maika-chan
with long and straight hair the best!
True!
That's what everyone really wants!
Hey, Maika-chan...
Not being able to respond
to the customers' requests makes me...
I hope you go back to straight.
Makes me...
The lowest of the low.
GULP...
Sorry.
I went too far!
Maika-san!
Here's the treatment I was talking about.
Thank you!
You're welcome.
A foreign product...
English written all over it!
It's wonderful!
Good work!
Oh, it's really coming down.
Yeah, it's pouring.
I forgot my umbrella at school.
I'll walk you to the station!
Are you sure?
Of course!
The manager's loosened up a bit.
Oh, that's right!
My suffering and my pain in my chest,
but if I'm with my older sister, I'm happy!
It's out today,
and I have to get the bonus, too!
What are you doing?
She's so into her game
that she doesn't even notice me.
That game...
Is that I-Pas?
I should probably get back
to playing that, too.
I have to level up Misa-chan.
I-Pas!
Has everyone gone home?
It's my lucky day,
getting to walk Maika-san to the station!
I, my, me, my Maika-san!
This is so frustrating!
Just one more
and I would've had a full combo!
Wait, what?
Why did the room suddenly get dark?
A-Akizuki-kun...
Crap. I got into it without realizing.
You play I-Pas, too?
Since when? What's your level?
Tell me your level!
Level 136.
You must play a lot!
That aside, why are you sitting on the floor?
This is how I play at home,
so it's become a habit.
More importantly, who did you choose
for the last popularity contest?
Arisa-chan!
Misa-chan!
I mean...
Hey, it's gotta be Misa-chan, right?
Misa-chan is cute,
but Arisa-chan is all that times ten!
Arisa-chan is a new addition!
I don't like making a fuss over a newbie.
So you like oldies but goodies!
At least, Arisa-chan's character
design doesn't keep changing!
Hey! Huh?
Why's the room dark?
Oh, you just noticed that now, Akizuki-kun?
Looks like someone turned off the lights
while we were absorbed in the game.
Jeez! They should've checked
the room first!
Huh?
It's locked.
Whaaat?
The manager closed up shop.
No way! We're locked in?
Nah, he's still gotta be here!
Hey, Manager!
No good!
I've got it! A window!
Oh, right...
I'll call the manager.
You call someone else.
Right!
Ah...
Dammit!
He's not picking up!
Hey, is someone answering on your end?
I haven't called anyone yet.
Why not?
My battery's low.
If I used the phone,
I couldn't play the game anymore!
And now my hand won't move.
What should I do?
I'm sorry!
What's that? A blackout?
Come to think of it,
you often hear of ghosts at restaurants.
Why would you bring that up now?
Sorry.
As punishment, lend me your arm!
Oh! Hey!
This reminds me...
Kamiru:
Are you scared?
Here... Grab hold.
There's a scene like this in the game.
If you're scared of the thunder,
we'll sleep together holding hands.
Onee-sama
There was a scene like this
in a yuri manga story I read recently.
Although with two girls...
I need to buy the new issue today!
The store's gonna close!
They're broadcasting a game
I wanna see tonight!
Open up!
Let us out!
I-Is someone in here?
Manager, you bastard!
If I can't get the new issue,
I'm gonna smash your figures
for breaking my heart!
Manager, you moron!
For every minute of the broadcast I miss,
I'm gonna dismember a figure!
I-I don't really understand,
but I'd better hide my figures.
Huh? Where's Sakuranomiya?
She's home with a cold today.
It's my fault!
What's with him?
The manager walked Maika-chan to the station
last night in the rain, right?
Yeah.
It seems Maika-chan got soaked going home
from her station to her house.
And she got a cold from that?
If I'd given her my umbrella!
If only I'd given it to her!
So we're gonna pay her a visit
tomorrow after school.
Kaho! Shush!
I'll go, too!
Jeez...
SAKURANOMIYA
I heard...
Maika-chan's house was constructed
in a traditional Japanese style,
but this gives off an impressive aura.
We can't even see the house
from the gate.
Kaho, ring the bell.
Why does it have to be me, Mafuyu-san?
There's no intercom!
Will they be able to hear if I knock?
There's gotta be a bell or something.
Around here...
Has to be around here!
Somewhere...
What are you up to?
I'm sorry for the fuss.
Jeez! Don't act like a weirdo, Manager!
I wasn't being weird!
I was just looking for an intercom!
Is someone there?
Um...
We're Maika-san's friends from work!
We came by to see her!
Maika's...
Maika's friends?
SOB SOB
Um...
Thank you
for coming to see my younger sister.
I'm Maika's older sister, Aika.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Please, come this way.
Manager?
Sh-She's definitely Maika-san's older sister!
Black hair and traditional clothing!
Perfect! This is Heaven, isn't it?
M-Manager!
This is somebody else's house,
so calm down!
Come in.
What's this?
Guests?
Kouichi-san!
Listen to this...
These are Maika's friends.
Maika's...
Maika's friends?
Again?
I'm Maika's older brother, Kouichi.
For coming to see my younger sister...
Thank you.
Oh, no! It's no big deal!
Both the older sister and brother
have black, straight-cut bangs.
Manager! Don't get excited!
Keep a firm grip on yourself!
No reaction this time?
D-Damn you, honest man!
Please take good care of our younger sister!
Maika, are you awake?
Your friends are here.
Come in!
Maika-san!
Are you okay?
Yes!
I feel much better today!
Jeez, don't beat us to the punch, Manager!
Yoo-hoo!
You look good.
Kaho-san!
Mafuyu-san!
Medicine
Sakuranomiya Maika
I'm sorry for the bother, everyone.
Not at all! I apologize for intruding!
By the way, Manager,
thank you for the treatment the other day!
The directions, the ingredients,
the manufacturing area...
I looked up all of the words
in an English dictionary!
And now it has a place
on our household shrine!
Um...
Please use it.
But it's good to see
you're feeling better, Maika-san!
That's right!
The manager was worried sick!
He was a damned nuisance.
STAREeeeeeeeee
What happened?
I'm so happy!
With her nasty glare, I never thought
Maika would make any friends!
We're having red rice
to celebrate tonight.
But the one thing I'm curious about...
Is he...
...her boyfriend?
So listen to this, Maika-chan!
Excuse me.
Would you all like some tea?
Onee-san!
Please, have some.
I'm sorry for the trouble.
As you're from another country,
I took the liberty of preparing
various kinds of lovely tea.
Thank you—
Green leaf tea.
High-quality green tea.
Powdered green tea.
And tea with roasted rice!
Oh...
Since she went to all that trouble,
it would be rude
if I didn't drink it all, right?
Hot!
Th-Thank you.
They were all delicious!
Well, as expected by Maika-san's b...
I mean, someone from another country.
And since you were so pleased with them,
I have more!
Mild green tea, sweet tea,
gunpowder tea, stem tea,
roasted green tea, coarse tea, mecha tea
and deep-steamed green tea.
Enjoy!
TEA
SADIST
She's a sadist!
And now have
some traditional Japanese sweets!
Onii-san!
I prepared some rice crackers,
which are similar to snacks from abroad.
Please, have some!
This anko is delicious!
This sakura mochi is really tasty.
Th-Thank you.
TOUGH
Hard!
It's hard!
You're enjoying it so much, you're crying.
There are plenty more where that came from,
so keep on crunching.
ROCK-HARD RICE CRACKERS
He's a sadist!
By the way...
...how many months and days
have you known Maika-tan?
Um... Since April...
At what time?
Um, Onii-san, Onee-san...
What was the weather like?
What was the temperature that day?
Don't pester him!
How did you feel?
What were you wearing then?
Please, tell us! Tell us!
What were your first words?
Th-They're interrogating me!
That's really something.
Information Notebook
We learned a lot!
We learned everything
there is to know about Dino-san!
We need to use this information
to make him feel even more welcome.
Yes! So he dates Maika forever
and feels like a member of the family!
Onii-san!
Onee-san...
He came all the way here to visit me,
so please don't annoy him!
W-We aren't!
Annoy him?
We wanted to show him
hospitality for your sake!
If you cause any more trouble...
I'll give you both my cold
and make sure you live on nothing
but hot tea and hard rice crackers!
PIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
You will stop giving my friends
challenges and interrogating them!
We're sorry! We're sorry!
I'd better see some regret right now!
Do you understand? Can't hear ya!
The original sadist is in a class by herself!
Forgive us, Maika!
Manager!
Thank you for visiting me the other day!
I feel much better now, too!
The treatment worked great!
I'm glad to hear it!
Come to think of it,
when you were using my lap
as a pillow that day,
your hair smelled good,
because of that treatment, right?
I love this smell!
Now we smell like each other, Manager!
Smell...
alike...
M-Manager!
MATSUBARA ON THE RIVER BANK, ETC.
Smile!
Sweet!
Sister!
Sadistic!
Suprise!
Service!
We are Stile!
Nii-sama fansubs presents:
さあ扉を開けて
saa tobira wo akete
Now, open the door
未知なるパラダイス
michi naru paradaisu
Come here!
体験しよう　おいで　おいでよ
taikenshiyou oide oide yo!
Let's experience the unknown paradise.
君を待つのは不思議なオアシス
kimi wo matsu no wa fushigi na oashisu
Mysterious oasis with sipcy flavour
ほっこり日常に ちょっぴりスパイス
hokkori nichijou ni choppiri supaisu
is waiting for you everyday.
くるくる　かき混ぜちゃうんだ
kurukuru kakimazechaun da
Spinning, spinning. I'm stirring!
ぐるぐる　縦じまのフレイバー
guruguru tatejima no fureibaa
Round and round, vertical stripes of flavor.
サービス　サービス　ご褒美タイム
saabisu saabisu gohoubi taimu
Service, service! It's a reward time!
おもてなし　心込めて
omotenashi kokoro komete
We want to serve you from the bottom of our hearts.
Welcome to　わーい
Welcome to wai
Welcome to! Yay!
私たちと一緒に
watashitachi to issho ni
Please experience with us
めくるめくWonder Daydream
mekurumeku wonder day dream
the dazzling, wonder daydream.
愛情をマシマシ
aijou wo mashi mashi
Feel the increase of love affection
煩悩をなでまで
bannou wo nade made
with each headpat, until reaching your limit.
誠心誠意勤めます
seishinseii tsutomemasu
We'll put whole hearts into our work!
Yes　キミの元気チャージに
yes! kimi no genki chaaji ni
Yes! Can I play a part
一役買えるかな
hitoyaku kaeru kana
in recharging your life energy?
こういった感じも
kou itta kanji mo
This kinds of feelings
ああいった感じも
aa itta kanji mo
and that kinds of feelings
意外と悪くないでしょ
igai to warukunai deshou
aren't bad too, you know?
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(bouno bouno burendo shitai)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
キミに　きゅんきゅんきゅん
kimi ni kyun kyun kyun!
I will make you swoon, swoon, swoon!
ハートに パンチパンチパンチ
haato ni panchi panchi panchi!
With a punch, punch, punch to your heart.
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(buono buono burendo sutairu)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
お口に合いますか？
okuchi ni aimasuka?
Are you enjoying your meal?
お口に合うといいな！
okuchi ni au to ii na
Does it suit your tastes?